Eamonn Holmes it's relaxed demeanor
belies the fact that he is a mental
gladiator his reactions honed by years
of live television look at him
springing out of that lift a man's
agreed to meet me at Mercedes World for
the drivers who ply their trade here
quick reactions are essential so we're
better for a man and I to sharpen our
reflexes with some bespoke gadgetry
don't answer that question
because here are some oxy lights ok
Holmes this is a jewel it may look like
a bunch of ikea lights and some traffic
cones but this is three K's worth of kit
ok I'm gonna I'm gonna boot it up ok
Eamonn is player B whereas my street
name is player a okay let's go down now
go the lights turn on in a random
sequence and players must turn them off
by moving their hands over motion
sensors inside them do you feel this
would help you in ly broadcasting
situation Oh No okay well at it t
question my guess was that 71 to 72 but
it was enough I'm the winner
you're the loser a real mean streak
comes out in you
a Pyrrhic Li close victory for British
TVs longer serving breakfast anchorman
next and less expensive test of
reactions this is the loops shifter
loops with a Zed an ever more
complicated sequence of lights and
sounds prompt the player to put the
hands between the titular loops breaking
infrared beams as they do so thank you
ready we'll all those hard years on the
sofa pay off again twenty three three
homers if we were sort of six years of
age each that would be fun
shall we adjourn bring on the next one
okay this is octo rhythm octa rhythm is
a 21st century reboot of
rock-paper-scissors power movements are
translated to the screen by a leap
motion controller
I'm gonna take you to the next level how
do we do that
why the focus you're really the focus
this is transcranial direct current
stimulation shock but I will not stop it
gosh this is going to jack you up even
more so it's connected to the tablet I'm
going to press start right yes I'm
feeling it through my nose is tingling
the focus claims to help gamers sharpen
their reactions by passing an absolutely
tiny current through the prefrontal
cortex a decision-making area of the
brain to be happening yeah do you want
to now engage the opto rhythm with your
increased powers that's engaged with my
transgender chat what's it trying I
don't think there's any gender
reassignment transcranial transcranial
it's the word that's the word right okay
I'm ready
I'm connected get involved okay Pete the
symbols go the focus website is bound by
honor and law to state it offers no
medical benefits but can mild
electro-stimulation improve homes it's
already leopard-like reactions paper
paper rock paper paper
don't use excuse and just let the groove
overtake you you've got to play the game
okay I'm now going to play it okay okay
without focus
then oh come on only 1146 I feel that it
didn't adequately recognize the shapes
that I was making how do you feel I
don't know I'm just tingling
you